That beat really sucks.
Is it going well?
Well. it's going.
I still have to mess with it.
You've been down at the studio
a lot lately.
Are you avoiding someone?
I'm not avoiding Kitty.
She's doing her thing and I'm doing mine.
Wouldn't it be better if you two talked?
I don't know.
I just need to make music right now.
I'm not sure it’s going well.
Hey.
You know what you need right now?
Yuri needs music for Seoul Fashion Week.
in two days.
You want to give it a try?
Me?
I don't know if I…
No… You can do it. Absolutely.
You…
you reinvented yourself.
It's the same for Yuri.
I'll do it.
Yuri will really appreciate it.
Do your thing.
All right.
File's all done.
- Do you like it?
- I don't know.
I just hope Yuri likes it.
Then. let's go play it for them.
Who's them? What are you talking about?
Yuri and her producer.
Wow. Yuri actually pulled this off.